Story Recapped here.
Today, I'm going to explain a horror, sci-fi
film called "Alien."
Spoilers ahead!
Watch out and take care.
A commercial space cargo vehicle, the Nostromo,
detects a mysterious transmission on its way
back to Earth.
The ship's artificial intelligence, Mother,
wakes up the crew from stasis to investigate:
Warrant Officer Ripley, Captain Dallas, Executive
Officer Kane, Navigator Lambert, Science Officer
Ash, and Engineers Parker and Brett.
After analyzing the ship's condition, Lambert
sees that they have gone off-course while
Ripley cannot contact traffic control for
assistance.
Dallas explains that Mother changed their
course after detecting the transmission and,
as protocol, they must investigate it.
Lambert plays the transmission, which is coming
from a nearby planetoid, but it's not like
any signal they've heard before.
The team detaches the Nostromo from the cargo
ship and heads to the planetoid to begin their
operation.
Their landing causes damage to the ship, leading
the team stranded while Brett and Parker repair
the damages.
Dallas, Kane, and Lambert head out to investigate
the source of the signal while Ash monitors
their feed.
The trio navigates through the harsh environment
until they discover an alien spacecraft that
seemed to have crashed onto the planet.
Their connection to the Nostromo is interrupted
as they enter the ship, losing their communication
with Ash.
The three enter the alien ship, observing
the strange design in the darkness.
They climb to the control room and find the
deceased giant humanoid creature that seemed
to be the ship's pilot.
Back at the Nostromo, Ripley successfully
translates the transmission, which she declares
as a warning, not an S.O.S.
She wishes to warn Dallas and his crew, but
Ash suggests that she stays.
In the spacecraft, Kane finds a hole that
leads to a vast cave-like area.
With heavy breaths, Kane searches the area,
seeing eggs under the blue mist.
While observing the mist, Kane slips down.
He walks to the eggs, curious about the strange
objects.
Shining a light on one, he confirms a living
creature still inside.
The egg opens up like a flower, revealing
a small throbbing creature.
Kane goes closer to investigate but is jumped
by the reptilian creature, grabbing his face.
Dallas and Lambert carry the unconscious Kane
back to the Nostromo.
With the creature still attached to Kane,
Ripley refuses to open the ship as per quarantine
protocols.
But Ash opens the door instead, letting the
trio in.
In the infirmary, Dallas and Ash remove Kane's
broken helmet, revealing the Face Hugger still
attached to him.
When Ripley arrives, Lambert hits her, angered
that she wanted to leave them in the sanitation
area.
Ripley argues to Dallas that it's against
the law to let the thing inside the ship.
Uncertain of what the creature is, Ash carefully
moves one of its "fingers," but the Face Hugger
coils its tail tighter around Kane's neck.
They put Kane inside the X-ray machine, observing
that the creature is keeping him alive.
Dallas orders the creature to be removed,
despite Ash's warning that it might kill Kane.
With Kane set on the table, Ash makes an incision
on the Face Hugger, but its blood drips, melting
a hole in the floor.
The acidic blood penetrates its way two levels
down the ship before stopping.
Seeing the damage the Face Hugger's blood
caused, they postpone the operation and focus
on repairing the ship.
Ash continues to study the creature, still
uncertain of what it is.
Ripley asks his findings, learning that the
Face Hugger's cells turn into polarized silicone
to withstand adverse conditions, making it
difficult to destroy it.
Ripley criticizes him for breaking the quarantine
law, reminding him that she's in charge of
the Nostromo when Kane and Dallas are out
of the ship.
Ash defends that he is merely doing his job.
Later on, Ash calls Dallas and Ripley back
to the infirmary.
The Face Hugger is gone, but Kane is still
alive.
The three cautiously search the infirmary,
knowing that the creature could still attack
them.
Ripley checks Kane, jumping when the Face
Hugger falls on her shoulder.
She throws it on the floor and sees it unmoving.
Ash takes the creature and studies it.
Fearing what it could do, Ripley urges them
to get rid of it, but Ash intends to study
it further, as it is the first time they have
encountered such a creature.
Dallas allows Ash to decide what to do with
it.
Walking away from the infirmary, Dallas explains
to Ripley that their contracts dictate that
he only commands the ship, but Ash is in charge
of the science division; therefore, it's Ash's
call on what to do with the creature.
Despite the unfinished repairs, Dallas orders
them to exit the planetoid and connect back
to the cargo ship.
With the team's effort, the Nostromo launches
off successfully.
Resting at the dining hall, the team discusses
what to do with Kane.
Parker suggests freezing him to stop whatever
disease he may have.
Dallas finalizes that Kane will go into quarantine,
to which Ripley suggests that they all will
after being exposed to him.
Lambert reports that it will still take ten
months to return to Earth, dampening their
mood further.
Kane finally awakens in the infirmary, seemingly
fine yet still confused about what happened.
With Kane's recovery, the crew enjoys a feast
before being put back in cryo-sleep for the
rest of their trip home.
The feast ends when Kane starts choking.
He convulses on the dining table, grunting
in pain.
The men attempt to hold him down, but something
shrieks as blood splatters from Kane's chest,
causing everyone to recoil.
Kane continues to convulse, red in pain.
His chest bursts open, revealing a tiny creature
coming out of his body.
Lambert shrieks in horror as the creature
moves around as if inspecting them.
Ash stops Parker from attacking the creature,
believing that it may have the same acidic
blood as the Face Hugger.
The creature wails then runs away, retreating
to the air vents.
Before dealing with the creature, the crew
takes a moment of silence for Kane before
launching his body into space.
Afterward, Brett constructs cattle prods to
eliminate the alien creature without going
near it.
Ash shows a tracking device that will give
off a signal when it detects movement.
Dallas splits them into two teams, ordering
them to capture the creature and send it into
the airlock.
Ripley searches with Parker and Brett, armed
with cattle prods and a net.
They head inside the supply room, detecting
something inside one of the closed drawers.
The three prepare themselves for the creature,
holding out the net and cattle prod in case
it attacks.
Parker opens the door, only to reveal the
crew's cat, Jones, inside.
Once the adrenaline washes off, the three
laughs it off.
Parker tells Brett to chase after the cat
so they can't mistake it for the creature
again.
Following the cat inside the Nostromo's hold,
Brett hears something moving above his head,
but the cat meows in another direction.
He finds Jones hiding behind machinery, scampering
away in fear.
Once the cat is away, Brett picks up a skin-like
material from the floor.
Recognizing it from the alien creature, he
drops it and continues to look for Jones.
Water drips from above the landing leg compartment,
imitating rain.
Brett takes a moment to enjoy the rain, not
noticing a creature hiding in plain sight.
Brett finally locates Jones, but it hisses
at him.
The fully-grown alien hangs behind Brett,
scaring the cat while Brett remains unaware.
Finally realizing that Jones is afraid of
something else, Brett looks behind.
Frozen in fear, the alien grabs Brett by his
head and pulls him up.
Ripley and Parker hear his screams, seeing
the blood, but Brett and the alien are nowhere
in sight.
The crew regroups, discussing their next options.
The alien has retreated into the air ducts,
allowing Dallas to calculate where it could
head next.
He intends to trap the alien and lead it to
the airlock to send it into outer space.
With Parker and Lambert guarding the opposite
opening and Ripley and Ash managing the control
system, Dallas goes inside the ducts with
a flamethrower to force the creature into
the airlock.
He struggles between the cramped space, listening
to Lambert's directions on where to go.
But Lambert's tracking device loses the signal,
halting Dallas' progress.
Dallas finds slime on the floor but doesn't
see the creature anywhere.
The tracker starts beeping, showing something
moving towards Dallas.
Lambert cries for him to run away, but the
creature ambushes him.
After losing communication with Dallas, the
surviving crew meets up again, hoping to find
another way.
Parker is enraged, and Lambert is filled with
grief.
Ripley suggests following Dallas' original
plan, but Lambert is terrified of abandoning
the ship, but their shuttle cannot support
four people.
Parker rejects the idea of escaping, wanting
revenge against the alien.
Ripley, now in charge after Dallas is gone,
pulls her crew together.
She insists on flushing out the alien into
the airlock, but they will be more careful
this time.
She orders Parker to refuel the flame thrower
and asks Ash if he has any other information
or suggestion.
When he denies it, she asserts that she will
collect information directly from Mother instead.
Inside Mother's system, Ripley accesses the
ship's logs, seeing that Ash has been secretly
ordered to retrieve the alien, even if it
meant the crew's lives.
The revelation has Ripley exasperated, not
noticing that Ash is sitting next to her.
She lunges at him, enraged that her people
have been betrayed.
Ripley heads out, hoping to check on Lambert
and Parker, but Ash closes the doors on her,
preventing her from telling the rest.
She confronts him, stunned to see white liquid
dripping from his forehead.
Ash pulls her hair and throws her down and
against the wall.
With Ripley indisposed, Ash prepares a magazine
to insert down her throat, choking her.
Parker and Lambert find them, but Ash overpowers
them.
Parker slams a fuel tank on Ash's shoulder,
freeing Ripley.
Ash seizes and spins, spewing liquid from
his mouth.
Parker hits his head, revealing that Ash was
a robot all along.
The mechanical body continues to fight despite
its damages.
Lambert stabs it with a pole, finally disabling
him.
Moments later, Ripley navigates through Ash's
wiring to reactivate him.
Once he's reactivated, Ash reveals that he
was specifically designed and added to the
crew to retrieve the alien specimen alive.
Ripley asks how they can exterminate the alien,
but Ash reveals that they cannot.
He deems the creature a perfect specimen,
admiring its purity and lack of morality.
Before Ripley deactivates Ash, he smiles,
mocking their slim chance of survival.
With Ash out of the way, Ripley decides to
take Lambert's idea: escape to the shuttle
and blow up the ship, the alien along with
it.
Out of rage, Parker incinerates Ash's body
before they leave.
Ripley heads to the shuttle to prepare their
escape while Parker and Lambert gather coolants
for the trip.
While activating the shuttle, Ripley hears
Jones and investigates.
Meanwhile, Lambert and Parker arrive at the
hold.
Lambert hurriedly gathers the supplies while
Parker keeps watch for the alien.
Once they've gathered all the coolants from
the machines, they move to collect more from
the suits and the supply room.
Ripley searches for the cat in the shuttle,
hoping to save it.
Jones startles Ripley, making her jump.
With all the fright she went through, Ripley
tearfully gathers the cat into a cage.
In the supply room, Lambert spots something
moving in the shadows.
The alien corners her, now standing taller
than her and Parker.
Parker tells her to run, but Lambert is frozen
in fear and despair.
Parker lunges to save his teammate but is
captured.
Parker yells for her to run just before the
alien eliminates him.
Lambert cries in fear, unable to move.
Hearing their cries, Ripley runs to the supply
room to help them.
Before she could reach them, however, the
screams stop abruptly.
She goes inside and sees that Parker and Lambert
are dead.
Mixed with panic, confusion, and grief, Ripley
heads to the engine room and activates the
Nostromo's self-destruction system.
Her face filling with tears, she hears the
system announce that the self-destruct mode
is starting.
The ship fills with steam as Ripley runs back
to the shuttle.
With a flamethrower in one hand and several
coolants tucked on the other, she climbs down
the cargo hold and hears a moan in the darkness.
Ripley searches around, seeing an odd material
meld at the bottom of a cargo ship.
Within it, she finds Dallas, still alive but
cocooned.
She turns to the other side and finds Brett
in the same condition.
Hearing the pain in Dallas's voice, Ripley
grieves for her comrades before incinerating
their bodies, putting them out of their misery.
Broken yet still determined to survive, Ripley
retrieves Jones and hurries back to the shuttle.
With only three minutes left before the detonation,
Ripley spots the alien blocking her path.
Heart pounding loudly, she runs back to the
engine room, disabling the self-destruct.
But the override doesn't work and only buys
her an extra five minutes to escape.
The frustrated Ripley runs back to the shuttle,
carefully checking if the alien is still around.
Seeing no sign of it, she carefully moves
forward, seeing that the cat is unharmed.
She grabs Jones and steps inside the shuttle,
gasping for air once she closes the doors.
With one minute left, Ripley hurriedly activates
the shuttle, fastening herself as the aircraft
prepares to launch.
Mother counts down to the Nostromo's destruction
as the shuttle speeds out.
Ripley watches with cold eyes as the Nostromo
explodes into a bright light, ending the journey
for her crew.
Ripley falls limp on her seat, thinking of
her team.
She closes her eyes, grasping the idea that
the alien went down along with the spacecraft
that she called home.
After taking time to rest, Ripley prepares
her cryosleep.
She takes Jones, cradling the cat before loading
it into the first chamber.
Then, she prepares her chamber but checks
the shuttle's system before going in.
A hand moves, startling her.
The alien has wedged itself into the shuttle's
engines, escaping with her.
Ripley hides in the cabinet and into a spacesuit,
keeping her eyes focused on the vicious creature.
Quietly, she loads a harpoon gun before opening
the door.
Ripley leaves the cabinet slowly, avoiding
the alien's attention.
She sings softly to herself to calm her nerves
as she blasts gas to lure out the alien.
Ripley turns away when it falls on the floor,
hoping that the alien won't see her.
The alien appears beside her, screeching as
Ripley opens the airlock, driving the alien
out the door.
The creature is sucked into space but grabs
hold of the door.
Ripley fires the harpoon gun, forcing it to
release.
When she closes the door, the gun gets stuck
inside, allowing the alien to pull the rope
and climb into one of the shuttle's exhaust.
Ripley blasts the engine, incinerating the
alien inside the exhaust.
She watches it blast off into outer space,
finally rid of the nightmarish creature.
With the fight finally over, Ripley records
her report on what happened to Nostromo and
her team.
She goes back into hypersleep while the shuttle
takes her back to Earth.